---

layout: project
title: Master Data - SAP S/4 Hana Systems
subtitle: VK Building Services Pvt. Ltd.
project-date: Dec 2023 - Present
description: Shopping at District Centre, Udaipur
---
**Designation**- Executive-Master Data SAP S/4 HANA Systems

**Location**- Bengaluru

**Contribution**- Individual Work 
<ol>
<li>
Creation of Business Partner: Establishing new business partners (vendors, customers, etc.).
</li><br/>
<li>
Vendor TDS Configuration and Threshold Limit: Configuring Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) for vendors and setting threshold limits for tax calculations.
</li><br/>
<li>
Creation and Extension of Customer Master: Creating new customer master records and extending existing ones to different company codes or plants.
</li><br/>
<li>
Creation and Extension of Profit Centre: Setting up and extending profit centers, ensuring they are updated in the General Reporting Interface (GRI) and Sales, Expense, and Income (SESI) workflows.
</li><br/>
<li>
Creation of Plant and Configurations, Customizing Transport Request: Creating plants in the system and configuring them according to business requirements. Transport requests are customized.
</li><br/>
<li>
Creation of Asset Code and Sub-Asset Code: Creating asset codes and sub-codes. 
</li><br/>
<li>
Creation of Work Centre: Establishing work centers where specific production processes take place, TR Management.
</li><br/>
<li>
Transaction Recorder and Maintenance of Profile Parameters: Using transaction recorder tools for system process documentation. 
</li><br/>
<li>
Activation of Material Ledger for the Plant: Enabling the material ledger functionality at the plant level for detailed cost tracking.
</li><br/>
<li>
Scrapping of the Sale Order and Verifying WBS Element: Managing sale order scrapping processes and verifying the Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) elements involved. 
</li><br/>
<li>
Active Role in UAT Testing: Participating actively in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to ensure the system meets business requirements. 
</li><br/>
<li>
Creation of Plants for Respective Branches Across India: Setting up plants for different branches of the organization in India.
</li><br/>
<li>
Creation of ZPRB and ZPWO for Sales Orders (Billing Purpose): Creating custom SAP programs, transactions (ZPRB, ZPWO). 
</li><br/>
<li>
Maintenance of SAP Master Data in SAP S/4 HANA: Ensuring that SAP master data is accurately maintained within the SAP S/4 HANA system for smooth operations across modules.
</li><br/>
</ol>